W-17117830 alt text review and update for MQ (#174)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-exchanges.adoc

They cannot contain spaces or other characters. 
. Click the checkboxes to bind queues to this message exchange:
+

> image::mq-exchange-bind-queues.png["Checkboxes to bind queues to an exchange in the Create Exchange page"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::mq-exchange-bind-queues.png["Checkboxes to bind queues to a message exchange in the Create Exchange page"]
```

. Click *Save Changes*.
. In the *Destinations* page, click the message exchange type for the new exchange to display the bound queues in the details pane:
+

> image::mq-exchange-details-pane.png["Destinations page showing the exchange type and the bound queues in the details pane"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::mq-exchange-details-pane.png["Destinations page showing the message exchange type and the bound queues in the details pane"]
```
